Privacy Policy

  Your privacy is important to us.

  It is BackendPC's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.

  
    We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
    Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
    We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
    Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
    We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
    We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
    We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
  

  We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. BackendPC may change this privacy policy from time to time at BackendPC's sole discretion.
At https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at ryanarokia@gmail.com.

Log Files

https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

Privacy Policies

You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc.

Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.

Note that https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

Third Part Privacy Policies

https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?

Children’s Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

Online Privacy Policy Only

This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in https://www.yygrgr9y.wixsite.com/backendpc. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.

Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
